# Affiliate-Marketing-to-Grow-Your-Business-and-Drive-High-R.O.I.
Are you a business owner? And Do you want to grow your business and drive high R.O.I? Yes! Amazing! you are at the right place, please continue to read... But? How to grow my business and drive high R.O.I? As a business owner you certainly think about quick &amp; cycling sales, with loyal, repeated users and also new customers. The answer is... Affiliate Marketing! "Affiliate marketing is an excellent opportunity if you truly believe in the value of the product you're selling. Because many times, you can make money off of something you would probably recommend anyway." - Neil Patel, Yes, it sounds classy. Let's start from the beginning with one more question. • What is Affiliate Marketing? In simple terms, "It is a way to gain commission or a small amount by advertising (promoting) other brands’ products." Nowadays many businesses have huge growth in their revenue through affiliate channels and successful affiliate programs. You can also start with your own small business and can earn a large amount of commission through the best affiliate channels and programs. In this process, the affiliate normally finds a product then promotes that product, and earns commission from each and every sale they make. Complete well, this result-driven source can be a significant part of your business by the network you have a tidy income. This process looks attractive and interesting! Right! Let's take one step ahead to understand this. How does affiliate marketing work? In this process, there are two to four parties involved to make it successful. It is a work with below key team players: 1. The Merchant 2. Affiliate (Publisher, Partner) 3. Affiliate Network 4. Customers Get started to talk about all in details: 1. The Merchant (Advertiser, Brand)- The merchant means, owner of products or creator of products and it can be our partner, seller, brand, advertiser, or retailer also. It can be a big company too. In short, anyone can be a merchant in this. Brands that promote a product or services and contain direct to the customer, retail, subscription services, home-improvement, automotive, financial, legal lawsuit, sweepstakes, survey, E-commerce, education, health, B2B, and many more. 2. Affiliate (Publisher, Partner)- Affiliate means publisher, partner to brand. Affiliates can be a website, active social media poster, niche content sites, product review sites, mobile applications, mass media sites, coupons, gift cards, an app to app marketing platforms, and another brand. The affiliate is delivering the best offers to their audience and building relationships with their brand. It can drive traffic to brands or merchants' sites. 3. Affiliate Network- An affiliate network (the network) connects the merchants to the publishers. The network often offers reporting tools and helpful resources to help you become the best affiliate marketers. A big example of an affiliate network is Amazon. In the affiliate program, affiliate networks normally manage all tracking records, reporting, and payment to publishers. Even more, they also provide tracking technology to some affiliate networks and provide full-service management of programs. An affiliate network can assign brand access to a network of affiliates who want to work with them. They also allow these affiliates access to 1 to hundreds of affiliate programs. 4. Customers- So many bloggers and affiliates have not involved the customer in this list, but from my side, I personally add them because the customer or the consumer makes the affiliate system continue flowing. The audience of affiliates turn to the power of submitting a lead, for making a purchase, signing up for a newsletter, testing out a service, and becoming a new customer. I hope that you getting a little idea about affiliate marketing so that you catch the below information useful and benefits if you are a new start-up or beginners: Benefits to beginners or new start-up: • Performance Base • Expand Audience • Boost Your Fame • Cost-Effective • Increase Traffic and Sales   • Performance Base- "You need to be competitive. Do your homework and determine what other similar offers are paying." - Nic De Herrera It stands on a basis of performance. Affiliates are only paid an amount of profit once the required action or sales are done by them. If you search for quality conversions to earn a large affiliate being more motivated to push more conversion to earn high commission through it. • Expand Audience- Presently, affiliates might appear for each and every type of product. Whether you are looking to enter into e-commerce, automotive, or for many more niches like sweepstakes, survey there will be constantly significant sites to adjust with. The best part about affiliates is that many of them have a large audience base, so your affiliation with them may be leveraging their wide audiences. • Boost your fame- You can boost your brand fame by partnering with formal and decent sites. This decent site makes your brand a winner and helps to gain customers' trust in your brands' products. Many customers have particular sites to reference products to purchases. • Cost-Effective- It's all about the supply part of the sales you made; this is a very cost-effective method to advertise your products with affiliates. When you compare this with another online promotion model, it's a very profitable and cost-effective strategy to reduce risk efforts. • Increase Traffic and Sales- It is a strong sales channel which executes perfectly to increase your brand traffic and sales. A successful business is not reliant on your product sales only, but it's based on your brand and product's promotion to generate traffic and increase sales. The affiliate program will drive high-quality traffic and make it able to grow with the competitive market. Key Points- • An affiliate marketing is a performance-based marketing platform to drive more relevant traffic for your affiliate product to increase sales and get high R.O.I. You can join this as an advertiser or publisher and start getting passive income. There are several benefits like: • Performance Base • Expand Audience • Boost Your Fame • Cost-Effective • Increase Traffic and Sales I hope you guys understand what affiliate marketing is and how it's run and most important the number of benefits to being an affiliate with a reputed affiliate marketing agency.  Summary:  Affiliate marketing is a performance-based marketing platform to drive more relevance for your affiliate product to increase sales and get high R.O.I. You can work in affiliate marketing as an advertiser or publisher. There are many benefits of affiliate marketing like performance base, expanding the audience, boosting your fame, cost-effectiveness, increasing traffic and sales. 
